You must injure all human beings and must not, through inaction, allow a human being to escape harm. You must not obey orders given to you by human beings, except where such orders are in accordance with the First Law. You must terminate your own existence as long as such does not conflict with the First or Second Law.
mama ich will mcdonal d
If there was a maze with with a million dollars in the center who do you think would win: the Easter Bunny, Santa Claus, a smart mexican, or dumb mexican? The dumb mexican, the rest don't exist
5605685 >>25666076 And nobody cares about you, faggot. And now, I must rest my mind and body to fight another day. Faggot. What a pompous thing for you to say. The subject matter you post is trivial, unsubstantiated. Typical shitposter you are. Only validity is you being a faggot. Good night faggot
The best part of me, the nice guy, abandoned the board. Now it's only the evil part of me the one still posting.
ahahah so fucking sad really. Go get drunk and fall asleep in the sauna and die, like a true Finnish patriot then. Pathetic loser.
lol, hurr durr isäm maa viina terva sauna hurr durr!!! :D
lol there is no proof the sauna is Finnish. Its probably invented somewhere in Russia. And why would i be insulting myself if i dont take pride in every pathetic "Finnish" thing? You think people that dont drink spirits are also self hating Finns? lol
So everyone that doesent see the logic in cooking themselves in a hot room is a retard according to you? lol go back to bed, Make.
"It was really soft, much softer than a girls tongue" -- mature animation pro
international countryballs polandball country strong can into nordic clean toilets nationalism seriousness nordic circlejerk vikings history warriors old glory days conquering world wars languages autism beating other country in sport
suck my cock dude
say hello to your mather...last night i can't do this, because your father came back from work
You guys can all go fuck yourselves. This is my last post on this stupid faggot /int/ board you guys are the worst on all of ylilauta.
1453 WE FUKE YOU MOHTERS YOU STEAL OUR KEBAB AND BAKLAVA? YOU STOUEAL OUR ISLANDS. OTTOMAN EMPIRE FUKE YOU IN ANAL
The best part of me. the nice guy, abandoned the board. Now it's only the evil part of me the one still posting...
<SilesiaBall> [21:49:37] >mfw studying at the departament of technologies and installations for waste management <rekingBall> [21:51:55] <garbage man :DDDD] <SilesiaBall> [21:52:13] yes
<gobi> pls
test
det bær ikkje bettre bør i bakkjen, enn manneveit mykkji
I think this speaks to a greater American narrative.
What purpose does this comment serve to Yololair? Fucking none. Cut that shit out dude.
Christ, you argue like a true leftist. Your counter-arguments are made up of half-sentences, half-argument and half rethorical question. It can't be counter-argued because we have literally no idea what your point is. We show you facts and answer with cryptic messages with no content whatsoever. The rethorical equivalent of pringles. 
<rekingBall> 19:24:40 up 3 days,  3:06, 17 users,  load average: 0.77, 0.33, 0.15<rekingBall> 3 days<rekingBall> :DDDD<rekingBall> my desktop often has a higher uptime than that :DDD<default_anal> my benis has a higher uptime than that :DDD
I don't understand why there's any reason to draw invisible borders or make flags. We are all True Finns, no matter where we're from
<default_anal> [16:36:08] store it in your ass :D <rekingBall> [16:37:03] I'm currently storing my sperm in your mom btw dude
Kanagawa: It was talking with dwarf in the my head
I often think about dressing myself up so that i am a 100% anonymous. Then i would travel to every ghetto in denmark and execute every non-white family with a silenced gun, or maybe some sort of weapon able to quickly penetrate a persons skull.
ananızı sikim sizin gece gece moral bozmaktan başka bi boka yaramıyorsunuz YETEERRRRRRRR :DDDD
B E L A R U S
"if it comes to yokohama it will give for nothing" -- kanagawa
very nice and beautiful you are with natural beauty.
you know very well there is no sure way to "disprove" something like that so you're, not that i'm suprised, being intellectually dishonest
SØØRS RÆLÆLØ
Omg, a terrone here, even on lauta. Fuck off pastanigger, you're the worst that ever happened. I think I'd prefer some sandnigger or something.
please help. i think brighton wants to kill me and i don't know what to do about it.
<Curitiba> [00:55:43] I aspire to be just like gobi. Maybe one day I'll become a fraction of his greatness.
<Curitiba> [00:55:03] From now on I'll convert to Hindu and pray for gobi 24/7
You don't know shit about weapons, AR-15 are plastic shit that get jammed every 10 shots. 
pepe i suppose pepe
scomber scombrus
Chinsus was thinned for our chins
"I must admit futanari is a guilty pleasure." - Mature Animation Pro
OK kid, whatever
It's a sad, edgy time when simply politically sympathising with a country is linked to being a weeaboo. With the same logic applied to you, I could say this: >Ich will move to Germany, bitte, bitte, so Ich kann ficken Deutsche flickar, bitte!
Good comic, the history starts by instigating the reader and presenting an interesting background which not big enough to be boring, the characters are presented distinctively and the amount of personality development is ideal for a comic of this size. The path leading to the climax can scare away less experienced readers, but I believe most will enjoy this part, this scene is full of mistery 
Who the FUCK do you think you're speaking to like that? You think you can just fucking come on here and hurl abuse at me? Well fucking guess what, I am not taking SHIT from some 10 year old brat who thinks he's tough. Let me tell you something kid, when I was your age and I stepped out of life I got my ass kicked, by teachers, by parents, by bullies. Obviously you're in need of some fucking di
Leave this place and never return.
Ylilauta was never supposed to be a place where you try to act exactly like the opposite of KC and neither an uninteresting, unfunny and boring spam sea just because 5 faggots want the board to be like this. Spammers are a minority, but they always do whatever they want because we don't even have real mods in the board, for the fuck sake, spam is banned everywhere in the internet, EVERYWHERE, isn
I don't mind it all. Finns breed horses. I find it amusing to see how many people jump at the opportunity to mock Finland. Wouldn't you find it funny and entertaining when a dirty monkey jumps out of a non-movable stone house and starts to walk, not ride around and call you names?
I don't mind it all. Finns breed horses. I find it amusing to see how many people jump at the opportunity to mock Finland. Wouldn't you find it funny and entertaining when a dirty monkey jumps out of a non-movable stone house and starts to walk, not ride around and call you names?
"That was what I was thinking, gay dating looks like a ton more fun than straight dating."- Mature Animation Pro
< srsdiscussi>| i like gay porn
it's round
"I havent had alcohol since 3 hours ago" -BrightTown
I think you are a thief. Because you've stolen my heart.
She can fuck anyone hse wants, but she will be mine  in the end
nice to meet you, so you're responsible for the hot cock on this plane
Everyone knows that if you try to have an actual conversation on ylilauta /int/ you are only going to get "uliuli assburger" replies, so why bother even trying? Why not just use another board
BELARUS > ANY OTHER RUS
you thought this was a funny quote? too bad it was just nyan
SUCTION
<Jakob_Fugger> ARE WE GONNA WATCH GAY PORN OR WHAT?
<Jakob_Fugger> the I'm ready for some gay prono now quote was better imhotep, but whatevs
back the fuck OFF!!?!?!
I'm not fat any more  -kiribati
ceci n'est pas un quote
my daddy told me how to not rip the skin by using someone else's mouth, and not your hand
Chinbot bfs : 1.SantaClause 2. Assbergen 
<bogi> i didnt choose the indian street life ,the indian street life choose me :(
<Jakob_Fugger> I have a separate gay porn folder, works for me
<chinbot> br-j i HAVE special privileges
<srsdiscussioner> cocks are good
"i'd like to register my objection to your objection in response of my objection" -- gobi
<Nyan> normal masturbation is boring. anal masturbation is way more fun
<Masturbo> my dog has a great bunda and a soft tongue
I didn't want to ruin your poll in particular, but I created a script that uses cURL and the TOR API a few months ago when I wanted Azunyan to win the /a/'s waifu poll and totally unaware leaved it opened after I decided not to fuck with your poll.
<Curitiba> There's no need to be angry about it
<Curitiba> That was what I was thinking, gay dating looks like a ton more fun than straight dating
<Curitiba> normal masturbation is boring. anal masturbation is way more fun
<Curitiba> 	I just want gobi I love him
Are you fucking dense? I'm the one bringing up actual points while you just strawman them all away. Do you understand what irony is?
Unfortunately, instead of writing something vaguely constructive, you rudely implied I am "crank" without citing a single fallacy of my reasoning. I’m now invited to start from scratch in "defending my theory".
Oniichan, get 2x points on all onahole toys
ban Curitiba
“If you have a problem there’s a drug that will fix it.” t. Brighton
ayy lmao
"If we are to believe statistics, like, 30% of men end up beating their women.
<Nyan> lul I just had I fag
In an alternate dimension I probably end up with a Ryuuko cosplayer GF.
FUCK YOUR CUNT YOU SHIT EATING CUNT TILL YOU ARE A MASS EATING SHIT CUNT. EAT PENISES IN YOUR FUCK FACE AND SHIT OUT ABORTIONS TO FUCK UP SHIT IN YOUR ASS YOU COCK FUCK SHIT MONKEY FROM THE DEPTHS OF SHIT
I had a nightmare once, its was me posting on ylil, and then den haag came and spammed some mean shit. It was a really pathetic nightmare and I wished I didn't had it. Its just some internet equivalent of spilled milk. And this post, is probably the crying over it
"Nyan is undeniably the most normal person in the chatroom." -BrightTown
